No, I don't.
Of course I don't care about you anymore
My cousin became the president that day
I know to run errands for you every day
Don't worry, how could I possibly just let you run errands?
My second sister is good at literature and art
So I put him in charge of the media company
You are good at business
Of course I'll pave the way for you
Really. Hmm.
Come with me tomorrow to meet two people
I made you a cop too, really
Then I forgive you.
Well I don't forgive you hum
How did it go?
How are you thinking about the contract between the two Masters?
Mr. Lu invested in Ababa and didn't know how much he wanted
Equity ratio
Hahaha Mr. Lu
70% is too much
If so
I, Abba, will be directly controlled by you.
Then don't I become a worker for you?
And we've raised 20 million dollars now.
Although you have raised 20 million so far
But
The company's current main business has always been wholesale
A must-see market for trade
It's how businesses interact with each other.
But with the continuous development of socialization
The continuous improvement of the degree of informatization
I think your development
Will run away sooner or later
It's a real problem.
It's been bothering us now
I think we should immediately switch to the b-picture-c model
Directly let consumers face merchants
Break the must-come between the two
That's a good idea.
Oops but
The development of enterprises in the 1980s
This operation program cannot be added to the consumer side.
Very simple.
You can establish a rice e-commerce platform.
Treat consumers and merchants as users
Drainage to our platform
Let the two parties trade at Taomi
At the same time, we can charge a security deposit from the merchant.
But we can do paid promotion.
In the future, it can also be achieved through advertising
To make a profit
No, it's great
In addition, the establishment of a payment cloud third-party payment platform
Platform
Binding the Taomi account becomes the credit system of both parties
It can also attract more users in the future
Come to the payment cloud
Launch financial profits
That's wonderful, Mr. Lu, you are really a god